chore: remove `VALUE_IS_UNDEFINED` from OData `servicePath` docs (#1250)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs-js/features/odata/generate-odata-client.mdx

An `options-per-service.json` file is created using the `--optionsPerService` option.

- When set to a directory path, an `options-per-service.json` file is read from or created in the given directory.
- When set to a file path, the file is read or created with the given name.

This file is used for customizing subdirectory naming and contains a mapping from the original file name to the following information:

- `directoryName`: the name of the subdirectory the client code will be generated into.
- `npmPackageName`: the name of the npm package, if a `package.json` file is generated.
  This information is optional.

> - `servicePath`: the URL path to be prepended before every request.
>   The url is read from the either the EDMX or Swagger file, if available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `servicePath`: Property to configure the  URL path manually if the automatic determination fails or does not give the desired value.
  The path is prepended before every request.
  If this option is not given the SDK tries to determine the value from either the EDMX or Swagger file.
```

Reviewer: Also not super happy with my suggestion but I would like to strengthen the point that in most cases the automatic should be fine.
